MMM Software nulled or script clone in Nigeria

MMM Software or script clone is now everywhere in Nigeria making it easy for any one and every one to setup website like www.mmm-nigeria.net.

The question is how many people are actually setting up the website like mmm are sincere about it? The original intension for such website was to create a donation like community website or crowd funding system. But it is obvious that the system cannot be said to be sustainable.

MMM nulled Script or software. This script is a web script that uses the system and GIVING HELP and ASKING FOR HELP, such as MMM Website in general or twinkas website and the Twinkas script clone website out there.

MMM Script or software is not exactly the nulled script used by the MMM and the like but most of the functions are of website like mmm.

The clone script will enable any one create a website with a system that resembles the MMM and the like. And of course with the same or similar workings, features and systems. If you’ve been following the MMM and the like, it will not find any difficulty in running this website.

MMM Script uses full English so that it can be used at home and abroad. It currency could Bitcoin or Dollar.

This is the perfect mmm clone script that you can start your own mmm like website from with only few clicks to install the script.

 

How it Works:

Members sign up through the upline / manager or can register themselves. Registration can be set using Ticket Or Not

Furthermore, please login to the member area. Click on Menu Transaction >>> Provide Help. PH can be set using tickets or not. By using DP / Admin Fee or not

You will get a pending transaction PH. Click On Details if you want to see who your partner.

Call your first beneficiaries. Immediately initiate a transfer to the account of the recipient if the recipient is already Ready Approve.

Confirm your transfer and the contact PH GH to make sure you’ve received and disapprove

After diapprove, countless days later, you could GH GH specified number, eg 150%

Furthermore, after GH is completed, members will perform re PH, etc.

Ticket system using the Balance / nominal Figures / Balance. So it is simple and can transfer your ticket member. Tickets not shaped Codes

Members sign up for free. But when the PH and GH will be charged ticket 1 piece. If the sign also use the ticket, then the member can not register itself but must go through Upline / Sponsor

The script feature:

Transactions could use the Bitcoin and you can also have access to add Bank, FasaPay or Perfect Money on the code

Equiped SMS Gateway

Easy and complete Admin Panel

Features Print Data Transaction

Messages between PH and GH

Details of referrals and referrals can see transaction data

The Commission is composed of the Sponsor Committee, Level Commission and Commission Manager. Can be switched off

Username Affiliate Member

Features Anti Hit and Run

Limit PH and GH Every Day, Week and Month

Ticket System

DP System

Manager System

Leave your comment about the script in the comment box below if you have had any experience with the clone script
