
Best Ponzi help script software

In the modern world  Bussines Plan script or Provide Help and Get plan is the most famous in the Market.This is a really simple MLM Plan and easy to understand PROVIDE HELP and GET HELP scheme by everyone. Everyone get the benefits by supporting each other whenever you are ready.The Process is: one member asks for help – another one provide helps. It will be like community helping each other ,You can ask for financial help when you need it, you give financial help when you are able to do it.

Ponzi help script – Helping People for their Needs

Unique Features of this Script


One Time Fee
You buy the product once and you can enjoy thereafter.

Referral Program
The customers can enjoy the referral program scheme which allows to earn extra amount.

Own Currency Setup
According to the individual needs ,everyone has the ability to choose the currency which prefer in the site.


Messages
Ability to email assigned member after payment has be done with payment proof attachment.

Captcha
Captcha enabled signup form to prevent fake, automated/bot signups to keep away spams.

Multiple Payment Gateway
Secure and multiple payment gateway can be setup from admin control panel with on/off option.

Multiple Assign
Now you can assign single Provide Help to Multiple Gethelp and Vice versa.

Auto Assign
You can enable or disable the Auto assign features, through which members will be assigned automatically once PH is requested.

Secondary Password
Transaction Password is required to perform the Provide Help and Get Help. Admin can enable or disable this from settings panel.

Primary percentage
Admin can set the percentage that assigning help can be split and paid.

Automatic lock 
As the user fails to pay for the provide help or accept the assigned help, that user will be blocked automatically.

Ticket system
The users can raise the ticket to the admin for their issues and queries. Two way communication is possible.


Credit Frequency
Until the GH user withdraws the PH amount, interest will be added until the claim days.

Testimonials
You can display all your customers testimonials on your website and even you can choose which testimonials you want to display and more!

Re commitment
Re commitment can be set up on/off before Get Help of Same or Above Amount.

Payment Verification
This feature is used as verify the payment received when users are paid to them otherwise they can deny the payment.

Unlimited Plan Creation
Admin can create any number of plans – Minimum and maximum help amount with different profit percentage.

Easily Charge Fees
Admin can setup withdrawal Fees using a percentage or flat price for each withdraw.

CMS 
The script allows the admin to design the website with the attractive wordings for the website on their own.

Sub admin 
Other than admin, multiple sub admin can also be created by the admin and assign them the work of features just by clicking. And they will be controlled by the main admin.

Dashboard
Admin panel is provided with feature rich functionalities and at the same time it is easy to use and manage.

Daily Growth
PH Transaction history option is provided to member in which they can see their Earning daily growth history

Manage Banners
Banners have the capacity to attract more customers to the site. Now Home page banner management is made very easier. The administrator can upload the home page banner very easily from the back end settings panel..

The concept

Members should Commit To Help (By clicking Provide Help Button) for any amount. As Per His Committed Amount the Interest is Accrued and it will be credited in your Wallet.

Admin will assign X % [Percentage for primary can be setup from the admin side] amount.

You will have to wait until system assign Members to provide help from you. In other words, this member GET HELP (also known as GH) from you.

After the member is identified, you have X hours [the hours can be setup from the system]to decide to PH.

In Case the member does Not Received Get Help from the Provider within X Hours, The Provider Id Will Be Blocke
